[ROBERT] The only person you're
ever really gonna know is you.
Your friends, your family.
No matter how close
to them you may feel,
there's still parts of 'em that
they couldn't show you
if they wanted.
You can only understand
as much of 'em as you can see.
The rest is a mystery.
True enough. Life goes on.
Beyond our sight.
All we see is
where things end up.
World keeps turning when
we're standing still. Yeah?
[JIMI]
And that's exactly why
we all have to come
together as one.
Well. Mister Devil.
I believe it's time to go.
[ECHO snoring]
[JANIS humming]
Mu...
Huh?
[gasps]
[cow moos]
Ew...
[JANIS]
Feeling okay?
No way, this sucks! Ugh.
Uh. Sorry about that.
It's just that you
were really dirty.
The plan was to
get you cleaned up
before we brought you
into the house. With this!
Oh, wow. That's very
thoughtful of you.
Except that I'm not a horse!
That thing would shred my skin!
Hold on. I'm lost.
First of all. Where's this?
[JANIS] Just a little farm
on the outskirts of
a Blues town called Clarksdale.
You're out in the cow barn,
to be specific.
Sitting on a hay bale.
Okay, how did I get here?
I found you sleeping
on a garbage heap
and brought you home.
That's the story. Make sense?
[gasps] You did? I see.
Yeah, makes sense. Why not.
My name's Janis.
It's nice to meet you.
And your name is?
[JANIS]
Ah. Sounds like ya been on
one heck of an adventure, Echo!
Sure, but it doesn't
feel like it.
I was mostly just tagging along.
[JANIS]
But that's still somethin'.
Getting to see the world
like that is pretty amazing!
I've only seen this
little piece of it myself,
but I think your story
is really incredible.
[chuckles] But I wasn't
the main character. Honestly.
[JANIS] Hm? I took up
the hem a bit. Try 'em on.
Huh? Wait, for real?
You didn't need to
do that for me.
But why wouldn't I?
No one else is wearing 'em.
Well, sure. But still.
[JANIS]
And this girl.
She more or less
ditched you, didn't she?
Uh‐‐
[JANIS]
Do you have somewhere to go?
No, nowhere.
So, then you might as well
stick around for a while.
Your journey's over and you're
in no hurry to get
anywhere, right?
[ECHO sighs]
That's that.
Now, it's about time for me
to go get dinner started.
Make yourself at home!
Uh, wait. Hold on!
[gasps]
Either way.
I don't think I'm ever
gonna get bored out here.
That kind of attitude.
I love it!
No matter.
Little boy. You're no Player.
[ECHO]
That's right. My journey.
Yeah. It's over.
[ECHO]
Where do you go, buddy?
Where do you want me
to leave this stuff?
[JANIS] Uh. Wherever
there's room is fine!
Well that doesn't
narrow it down at all.
Huh? Books?
[coughs] I guess not. Art?
Whoa, easy! This isn't
a plate, is it?
[JANIS]
Echo?
Oh, I uh... Sorry.
I should have asked. Um.
Oh, you're fine. Don't worry.
Cool. So, uh, what are these?
Chronicles.
Really?
Wait, that might not
be quite right.
They're more like memories.
Whose are they?
Can't say. But they've been
gathering dust here forever.
And I can't imagine anybody'll
come looking for most of 'em.
Sometimes I feel like we oughta
just toss the whole bunch.
It'd sure freshen
the place up, I bet.
Except. Maybe we shouldn't
forget about 'em.
Maybe we don't want to?
Somethin' like that.
Anyway. How's dinner sound?
[ECHO] Getting by out here.
It's pretty simple.
We eat, sleep, do our work.
But that's just survival.
Every now and then
we do other things.
Things we don't have
to do to stay alive.
And those matter, too, right?
Echo?
[ROBERT sighs]
That's everyone.
[cow moos]
It's gonna be a while.
I'll make some tea.
[ECHO]
Will she be okay?
[ROBERT]
That's out of our hands.
We just gotta wait and see.
[ECHO]
Oh...
[moos]
It happens tonight.
Either a birth or a death.
She might die?
[ROBERT]
Yep, same as anything else.
And either way, we keep playing
with whatever cards we're dealt.
[ROBERT] That line between
living and dying,
it's too thin for us to see.
We each walk our path.
Turn here, turn there,
pick this up, leave that behind.
‐‐[ROBERT grunting]
‐‐[cow mooing]
[ROBERT]
We step outta the womb
and walk on till
we cross that line.
You and me. All of us.
Come from the same place
and end up the same place.
[cow moos]
Yeah, that's the story.
The burden we all bear.
[cow moos]
[ECHO gasps]
[calf moos]
[ECHO] The calf came
into our world crying.
[ECHO]
Like we all do.
We're pulled out of the womb.
And we cry.
We pass on and cry again.
So then... Am I...
[ECHO yawns]
[JANIS]
Good work out there.
[ECHO] Thank you. Man,
today was another tough one.
[ECHO] I don't know if
the milk turned sour or what,
but the calf was
refusing to nurse.
Thought it might help if
I gave her a good brushing.
Echo, are you enjoying
the life you found here?
Uh, yeah. Thanks to you,
it wasn't hard to adjust.
I'd say I could live out
my whole life like this.
Good. Then could I have that?
Huh? Oh. Do you
mean this? What for?
[JANIS]
So, no?
Sorry.
[JANIS]
I guess it's really true.
You're just like my big brother.
[ECHO]
You have a brother?
Come with me.
Where to?
It's your time to be
tested by the Crossroads.
[ECHO]
Where are we?
[JANIS]
The Crossroads.
This is the place where
everything in our
world intersects.
Every lie and every truth.
The future and the past.
Humans and the Earless.
Humans and Earless?
[JANIS]
And right there,
at the center where
the paths come together,
lies the birthplace
of all Players.
And the source of all Equipment.
The Origin.
[ECHO gasps]
Grandpa and me.
We've been keeping
watch over this place.
[ECHO]
Is this the Origin?
The source of all Equipment?
Back up a sec.
Why are you suddenly‐‐
Huh? Mister Robert?
End of the day.
No matter how close to
somebody you might feel,
your best friend or even
your own flesh and blood.
All you can ever know about 'em
is the little pieces
you pick up on
in the moments
your paths cross.
The fragments.
[gasps] Jimi!
Since the ancient times.
this thing has sat
on the borderline
between humans and the Earless.
It gives humans the power to
bare what's in their hearts.
And to the Earless,
it's a beacon guiding them
to their salvation.
A beacon?
[ROBERT] To a chosen few,
the Origin grants power.
So, do you wanna become a god?
Or instead, you could let
the Devil take your soul.
I think those are
both beyond me.
I'm just here.
All worries and doubts.
There's nothing else to me.
Oh yeah?
Janis told me those
things were memories?
[ROBERT] That's right.
Memories that the Origin
carried with it
from a time long gone.
[ECHO gasps]
Huh?
[ROBERT] There's a connection
between us and them,
and it's gone
on the way it began.
Chaos keeps winning
out over order.
It starts and stops
instead of rolling steady.
The only thing
that stays constant
is the way it's
always changing.
'Cause that's the path we chose.
[ROBERT]
One day far in the past,
the Earless appeared
suddenly, without warning.
We humans saw them
roaming the earth,
like they were searching
for something.
We didn't know what
to make of 'em at first.
We treated 'em as curiosities.
But then. We saw what
they were capable of.
In that moment,
everything changed.
The Earless were
a force of nature.
There was nothing
we could do but pray.
And so, that's exactly
what we did.
And it seemed like the
heavens heard our prayers
and gave us an answer
in the Origin.
Its light gave rise to the
cores of the first Equipment.
Humans could fight back at last,
and the passion
burning in our hearts
led many Earless
to their salvation.
But the ugliness.
The hatred and rage that
smolders in our souls.
It only fed the Earless, and
made them fight back harder.
My people,
the people of Blues.
We wanted to put an
end to the fighting,
and half of us died trying.
One of the survivors
stepped forward.
Just an ordinary young man
from the country.
That young man was determined
to protect our world,
and he was gonna do it even
if it meant selling his soul.
[JIMI] It wasn't some big story.
I just had questions.
Why did things end up this way?
What were the Earless?
[JIMI]
So I went looking for answers.
And from there, well,
it was like pulling leaves
off a head of cabbage.
Or peeling an onion,
layer by layer.
[MU growls]
It's true. You've all been
hearing us from the start.
We were the ones
who refused to listen.
We got scared and
covered our ears.
I will embrace your
anger. Listeners.
[ECHO]
Mu?
[MU yells]
[ECHO gasps]
Mu!
[ROBERT] They came into
this world without a name.
We were the ones who
called them "Earless."
Maybe out of affection.
Maybe animosity.
But to them, that name was
just a mark of our arrogance.
[ECHO] Maybe this is my own
arrogance, but I don't care.
[gasps]
I can't be...
a god or a demon...
...but all I need
is to see her again!
[ROBERT]
All right, then. Stay true.
[ECHO]
Stay true to my heart.
[gasps] Mister Robert?
[JANIS]
He's gone now.
Uh‐‐ Gone where?
What you saw were the memories
held by the Origin
since creation.
And Grandpa.
He was one of those memories
that lingers on here.
The memories left behind.
Where our country used to be.
Janis?
I was right. You are like him.
That ordinary man who changed
the world, just a little bit.
My brother, Jimi.
[JANIS] Echo. I don't know
how to say this, but...
You're so...
So ordinary.
Kind‐hearted.
But not especially courageous.
Maybe not. But still.
Yes. You've kept
a dream in your heart.
So. Listen.
The thing you're
going to do next.
Anyone could do.
And once you do that...
[gasps]
Then it'll be something
only you could have done.
Janis. Don't go.
Let me hear the one song
that only you can play.
[ECHO] All I can do
is face this head on.
[ECHO] There's no telling
what'll happen
if I keep moving forward,
but there's no other choice.
[ECHO humming]
[ECHO]
It was the same for Jimi.
He was an ordinary man
with an ordinary dream.
Just like me.
And just like him,
I've only got
one road to go down.
[ECHO humming]
[TOMMY] Now. Jimi.
Let the festivities begin.
[LISTENERS]
The time has come.
Uh, Commander?
This is fine.
[TOMMY]
Let us commence.
This is the Second Coming.
Jimi. O rightful heir
to the throne.
The time has come.
You shall be martyred.
[LISTENERS] I am not this
Jimi who you fools revere,
nor am I the younger sister
who inherited his soul.
So then, who are you?
[LISTENERS grunts]
The king of all Earless.
I am Listeners.
[LISTENERS]
I've come for you.
[ALL gasp]
You monster. You were
waiting for an opening!
[CROWD screams]
[BOY 10C gasping]
[CROWD screaming]
[TOMMY]
We're bringing her down!
[SALLY] The squad needs
to regroup first!
We have the king of the
Earless in our sights.
This is it! We can
kill her here,
and grasp the victory
we've sought for so long!
Come, then. Show me
what it is you seek.
[LISTENERS]
Let me see the desires
buried deep in your heart!
Stop this!
My greatest desire...
...is to swallow up
the sea of sound
that engulfs all of our world!
[TOMMY] But my desires have
never truly been my own.
I am nothing more than a mirror
reflecting the dreams
of those around me!
So be it. I will
grant your desire.
[gasping]
[chuckles]
[cackles]
Seven days and my shadow will
fall upon your land again.
But, for now,
I shall part from here.
[JIMI]
A sky blanketed in a new color.
Con men, stones, and roses.
You don't need to
sell your soul.
Those who pray gather
the shards of the mirror.
"I Am the Resurrection."
Shout it out!
Return to life now, Listeners!